= Fusion Library

A javascript library that makes it easy to integrate google maps and fusion tables

== Installation

  git clone git@github.com:open-city/fusion_library.git


== Dependencies

  JQuery
  Google Maps
  Google Fusion Tables


== Getting Started

An example html file is provided in this repository under /examples  

  var table_id = 2954091;
  var element = "chicago_ward";
  var chicago_centroid = new google.maps.LatLng(41.8781136, -87.66677856445312);

  var map = new Fusion.Map(element, {center: chicago_centroid, zoom: 13, mapTypeControl: true});
  map.layers.create({select: "geometry", from: table_id});
  map.layers.create({select: "geometry", from: "2928103"});
  map.layers.create({select: "geometry", from: "3667175"});
  map.present();

  // TURN OFF MAP LAYERS
  //map.layers[1].toggle();
  map.layers[2].toggle();


== Team

* Chad W Pry mailto:chad.pry@opencityapps.org
* Derek Eder mailto:derek.eder@opencityapps.org


== More detail needed?

Contact us via email!


== Errors / Bugs

If something is not behaving intuitively, it is a bug, and should be reported.
Report it here: https://github.com/open-city/fusion_library/issues


== TODOs

* TBD


== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  * (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2012 Chad W Pry, Derek Eder, and OpenCity. Released under the MIT License.

See LICENSE for details.
